yeah you know I'm saying a lot of
motherfuckers look at us like the life
we live the shit we do they look at his
praise
you filthy but to us like it's an
everyday thing yet I mean saw part of
the game ad
steady pushing back and forth down the
block move Swift with the homies have to
get Glock on my field peoples no it's
not gonna stop hate to mention we're
going to the top see it's an everyday
thing is an everyday hey you should take
a second and look cuz I ain't shit
changed I still write rhymes and yes I
still play I steal birthdays and I still
love weed and I still got that dope day
that I make your girl scream Milan came
a long way from the valley Street now I
dropped that GG on them coastline Beach
imma teach a nigga can't forget my roots
gotta taste it look and if they fight
this shit like a bulldozer just keep the
fuck on my way get down the lay down
that's all I gotta say a loyal dog never
stray too far from home that's why I
always come back to bury a new ball
that's why I try so hard just to push
this music I was always talking if you
had to give been you thinking you River
my nigga lay off the cocaine do this for
a living
listen everyday daddy's daddy pushing
back and forth down the block move Swift
with the homies out to get guac on my
bill peoples know it's now gonna stop
hate the mansion we going to the cops
see it's an everyday financing everyday
they cute take a second and look cuz
ain't shit changed they're still crack
things and cats moving the cocaine ice-t
like a fool when I stayed with some
truck and I stake in my own world so
fuckin today every now and then I play
for my adversary because eventually
humping they catch them all up in
Telemachus and every day bankers can be
scary
I'm an educated gangster a revolutionary
c-bucs what you thought cuz that's the
way I was taught a real niggas should
know loyalty can't be bought so don't
trust him cats that you see every day
and keep an eye on them cats from around
the way cuz one day you might slip up
because you least expect I'll be waiting
in your own car with your own jet this
an everyday thing niggas grimy hitting
again that's why I do what I do bitch
the money's the black fanny pushing back
and forth down the block move Swift with
the homies out to get glaucoma feel
people snow it's not gonna stop take the
mint in we go to the top one to use in
every day
an everyday thing yeah nigga it's an
everyday bag gonna be fuck what you
think nigga don't worry about what we
doing
maybe we get this money abdomen
entertainment nigga y'all dressed
you